Remember,
please hit like and subscribe for me.
Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi
everyone. Today is Thursday, March the
5th. My name is Amarie Band and this is
the Moneyball Morning Report. charts by
Trendpider and gamma flows by Menthther
Q. We are taking a look at the E- Mini
S&P.
We're in a pretty big range. If we stare
through the entire picture,
we essentially have a box of noise that
we are going to break out of at some
juncture
and it's going to send us in a measured
move in one direction or another. And
it's a pretty big box. It's about
150 points, maybe 200 points. So, it
could be a big move some point later.
That being said, here we are stuck in
this great big box.
So, what's happening in the overnight?
Well, inventory is a little bit
negative, but the traders are trying to
recover, lifting off of the floor. We've
seen that a lot in this pre-market
motion. By about 6:00 a.m., it starts
lifting,
right? This one was a little bit messy,
but it did lift and continue to lift.
Same sort of thing going on here. What
is our backdrop? Well, our backdrop is
still as muddy as ever, and we're still
sort of parsing through news and going
through earnings. Broadcom did very well
and
guided higher.
So, there are a lot of things that look
bright. Now, that being said, we have
a 4:00 candlestick that's really pretty
wide.
This 4:00 a.m. candlestick
is the one we need to watch at our 30
minute high low.
is marking the current resistance and
that's 686. Let's go through some
levels.
Call wall 6950. Put wall 6700.
Value area low
6794.
Value area high
6,900.
And we're sitting in the midst of that.
What might we look for in terms of
frontline support? Well, my thought is
always the pre-market low. We want to
pay attention to that. And so, we're
going to leave that number right at
around 68.40.
We're going to put an alert there. And
if it comes down into that zone and our
momentum is still above zero,
we're in good shape. For by zone,
pullbacks could bounce. We are very
sideways. We are inside of Wednesday's
price formation and we're going to stay
in there probably. Now, the 9:30
candlestick from
yesterday is also in this deep
congestion zone, which is why I think
this area at 68.40 is a very nice buy
zone. If the price action comes in there
and our momentum is above zero, that's
going to make for a very nice buy.
Upward projections 68.889 6906
and then max 6915.
If per happen stance we lose 68.40.
The next line is 6814
or thereabouts. and then value area low
which remember is 6796
and then
the next significant low in this
near-term at 6783.
My suspicion is that it is just as
choppy as yesterday, but the dips are
going to be buys. They are. They're
going to be buys, especially if we get
up and hold over those VWAPs and the
moving average.
That's just what I'm seeing.
Taking a look at the NQ
monster rebound yesterday.
Really big rebound. Pulled back into the
close. And that close,
that close gives us a little bit of
frontline
support/resistance.
It's a region to watch. 25,98.
Let's go through the big numbers.
Call back up at 26,000. Interesting. Put
wall
23,500.
So, they're expanding the sides of this
motion, making the highs higher and the
lows lower.
If we take a look at price action, we
can see that we're trying to hold inside
of this big pocket and break out of it.
So the breakthrough area 25,217
which is really close to value area high
is going to be a pretty good number to
watch. And then the number after that
will be 25,350.
Where's the go no-go line? Where's that
support structure? To me it looks like
24,955.
So,
if we come into that area,
we could easily find some buyers. Now,
let's take a look at
the 9:30 candle. Same thing, huge
inside.
We're generally inside of this range,
but that 930 high
as with the ES is showing as near-term
resistance at this juncture. Let's um
sorry 10:30 high and the 930 high is
that a support near 24,970.
I've picked 24,955
to put an alert on. It's somewhere
around there. Okay. Pullbacks ought to
be buy zones provided momentum stays to
the north. It does look like a dip
buying formation in the current
structure.
Could the dips be deep? Yes. And so we
would look for 24,824
to potentially 24,785.
Baseline event 24,600.
That gives back everything that we had
yesterday. And the 4hour candlestick
formation seems to be holding us in this
range. So very sideways. Work on the
edges, right? Give yourself a little bit
of room, but work on the edges of the
pressure. Okay, let's take a look at
Micro Bitcoin.
Micro Bitcoin is doing a pretty good job
of
moving up out of its pocket. So, let's
take a stare down of this. In general,
this chart has been landlocked since the
beginning of February.
Okay. So earlier actually yesterday I
said you know this area near 73,000 is a
do or die for the buyers also do or die
for the sellers.
So I expect a bit of noise here. I do I
expect a bit of noise. That being said,
the breach
above
74,200,
that's going to give us buying area. The
ideal event, of course, generally
speaking, would be the retest of the
breakout formation,
which is rounded about 70,567.
What are the numbers here? Well, we've
got a put wall all the way up at 80,000.
The call wall down here at 73,000.
Value area low 64,500.
Value area high 70,130.
So, the pullback into that 70,000 area
seems like the best bet, but momentum is
very steep. And so on the 4 hour, if
momentum is steep, you know, we've got
ourselves some pretty bullish behavior,
this should should uh break to the
north. But this is also a place I would
consider a double top and I would try to
short it much like our classroom studies
on uh Topstep Discord yesterday where I
took the counter trend short down into
the first line of support and that's
what we seem to be testing
right now. So, let it head up there. See
if it goes. And well, if it starts
pulling back, you've got yourself a
short. Looks really pretty bullish
today.
Pretty bullish. As long as it holds
72,000,
I think the buyers are going to win this
race.
We'll put an alert there.
And that is liquidity coming into the
market. that normally gives us some
bullish price action. Let's take a look
at oil.
Oil sitting in a one, two, threeday
pocket. It moved up into $77.98,
$78, something like that. That is still
the breakaway formation. Still breakaway
for this chart.
And so above 78,
the max line is 80.
In the near term, momentum is down.
Moving averages are up. The 4 a.m.
candlestick here pretty large.
Pretty large. everybody's inside of it
to include the 30 minute high low which
is now giving us a measure of frontline
support and that number is 7618.
Now the real number I'd want to take a
position long in would be 7440. That's
right on the VWAP. I like that area if
it can come in
up here.
It could easily be a nice trade, but
there's a fair bit of risk associated
there since it has done
the job of of uh giving us a topping
event and is in the middle of lower lows
and lower highs. Taking a look. Oopsie.
What happened here?
Taking a look at Know why that's giving
me a sidebar.
Taking a look at gold.
Let's take a peek.
Gold is retracing a fair bit of its
motion.
Okay. And what we are seeing is very
heavy congestion over the last three
days. What's the better trade?
Dips 5110.
Goodbye. A good buy zone.
Here's another one. If you lose it and
recapture it, 51
5132.
That's a really nice zone for a pullback
area because it is so landlocked. And
then the breakout near 522.
We know that zone very well.
5220 and then the next spot would be
5250.
What do we expect here?
Generally sideways. Look at this pocket
of rotation.
stayed there for days. I think we'll
easily do the same thing here. Only the
range is a little wider. So, it gives us
a lot of room. 5220 to 5250
looks like a fair place
to set up a short.
I you know, it's it's very hard to say
what this chart is doing.
It's seriously very messy.
That being said, we're having a
pervasive bid underneath. So, as long as
momentum stays positive, pullbacks or
buy zones into the lower edges of
congestion, particularly,
I would not be surprised to see gold
move back just a little bit more and
then bounce. The double bottoming here
is at this $5,020.
This is the measured move. It looks very
good. So 520, $5,025. That would be a
double bottom event. Very nice price
action. If it comes to that area would
be a nice buy. Okay, so finally we take
a look at SPY. And look at this.
incredibly sideways. We've got an upper
edge at 689
and a lower edge
at 680. What do we want to do there? If
it comes to the bottom, stand to the
side. Once it recovers the bottom,
you're in really great shape. Now, what
if we use the 930 candlestick to help us
figure out directional flow? There's the
9:30 candle. Maybe that ends up being
support.
Right now, they're battling at the 10:30
candle
open.
That's That's not a bad one. So, that's
the 9:30 close, 68550,
and 683.
So, what's the storyboard? If the price
action is really bullish today,
looks to me
like the furthest we would pull in would
be the 9:30 high from yesterday. And
that's 86 683
and some change. If not, we've got a
fade into the closing zone. And that
gives us the region around
what is that number 680. Okay. So let's
get some numbers.
Call wall 700 back up at 700. Port wall
675.
Value area high 681.
Okay. So that's great for the pullback
there. and value area that was value
area low value area high 689.
Okay, that
looks like dips or buys. Now we know
that at some juncture at any point in
time markets could lose their levels. So
where would that be? My thought is first
of all the
the congestion zone at 684 is a big
support area.
683. As long as it holds that area,
it'll be a buy zone. If it loses that
zone, step out of the way and then head
back
to buying pressure at 680. or if you're
inclined to short, have it come down,
bounce, and give you a lower high, and
you'll be able to take care of that. All
right, folks. That's it. I'll see you on
the streams.